1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?
I chose Python and Flask for the coding exercise due to my familiarity with Python and the frameworks of Python (Flask). 
Python/Flask also has the advantages of being concise and easy to write code in, resulting in higher productivity. 
Regarding tools, I used Postman to test my API, as it is a much easier way than running and testing an API on the web on port 8000. 

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?
My solution revolves around having a priority queue data structure keeping track of all the active transactions (transactions with balance remaining) based on the timestamp. 
Maintaining this data structure has advantages in higher data input and retrieval (O(logn)) than storing the data in a trivial sorted list (O(n)), however, it takes up more memory as a tradeoff. 
In terms of the algorithm itself, the algorithm is optimized for adding positive balance from the individual (O(logn)and the spend operation( O(nlogn)), it does have a slower runtime for reducing balance from an individual (O(nlogn)). 
The computation for individual balance is done during /add and /spend, therefore /balance returns in O(1) which is another advantage of the solution. 

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?
My favorite project I’ve worked on is Frigo, a hackathon project aiming to provide a solution for people looking for great recipes that they can cook with ingredients in their fridge. 
From this project, I’ve learned how to code in a team, divide up the work, and finally combine all the work in the end, simulating a real-life programming experience that cannot be done in class. 
The time constraint was also a large challenge, as it was hard to work on a tight deadline and create a tangible product by the deadline. 
I had the opportunity to experience different productivity methods in group programming which proved to be useful down the line as well. 
Finally, it was an experience bringing the knowledge I learned from the classroom to real life, where I tried combining information and my work from classes all together, converting knowledge into experience. 
